fix incorrect bindings example in Next.js pages guide (#11971)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-nextjs-site.md

In Next.js, add server-side code via [API Routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes), [Route Handlers](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/router-handlers), and [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/data-fetching/get-server-side-props). Then, access bindings set for your application by accessing them in your code via `process.env`.

The following code shows an example of accessing a KV namespace in a TypeScript Next.js project.

> Firstly we create a new `env.d.ts` file in which we declare our binding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a new `env.d.ts` file  and declare a binding:
```

```typescript
---
filename: env.d.ts
highlight: [5,6,7]
---
declare global {
  namespace NodeJS {
    interface ProcessEnv {
      [key: string]: string | undefined;
      // KVNamespace comes from @cloudflare/workers-types, make
      // sure to include the package in your tsconfig.json's "types" field
      MY_KV: KVNamespace;
    }
  }
}

export {};
```

> Then such binding can be accessed directly from `process.env`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the binding can be accessed directly from `process.env`:

```

In Next.js, add server-side code via [API Routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes), [Route Handlers](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/router-handlers), and [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/data-fetching/get-server-side-props). Then, access bindings set for your application by accessing them in your code via `process.env`.

The following code shows an example of accessing a KV namespace in a TypeScript Next.js project.

First, create a new `env.d.ts` file  and declare a binding:

```typescript
---
filename: env.d.ts
highlight: [5,6,7]
---
declare global {
  namespace NodeJS {
    interface ProcessEnv {
      [key: string]: string | undefined;
      // KVNamespace comes from @cloudflare/workers-types, make

>       // sure to include the package in your tsconfig.json's "types" field

Author: This part [is not clear and can confuse people](https://github.com/cloudflare/next-on-pages/issues/562#issuecomment-1827460471), it needs to be improved

(by either keeping things simple and importing the workers-types in this file or by specifically explaining the tsconfig.json change needed)

Author: I ended up just updating the comment for the time being, hopefully it should be clear enough

In Next.js, add server-side code via [API Routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes), [Route Handlers](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/router-handlers), and [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/data-fetching/get-server-side-props). Then, access bindings set for your application by accessing them in your code via `process.env`.

The following code shows an example of accessing a KV namespace in a TypeScript Next.js project.

> First, create a new `env.d.ts` file and declare a binding:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, create a new `env.d.ts` file and declare a [binding](/pages/platform/functions/bindings/):
```

> First, create a new `env.d.ts` file  and declare a binding:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, create a new `env.d.ts` file and declare a binding:
```
Is there a directory they need to put this file into?

```typescript
---
filename: env.d.ts
highlight: [5-11]
---
declare global {
  namespace NodeJS {
    interface ProcessEnv {
      [key: string]: string | undefined;

>       // The KVNamespace binding type used here comes
>       // from `@cloudflare/workers-types`, in order to
>       // use it like so make sure that you've installed
>       // the package as a dev dependency and you've added
>       // it to your `tsconfig.json` file under
>       // `compilerOptions.types`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      // The KV Namespace binding type used here comes
      // from `@cloudflare/workers-types`, in order to
      // use it like so, make sure that you have installed
      // the package as a dev dependency and you have added
      // it to your `tsconfig.json` file under
      // `compilerOptions.types`.
```
